Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
The war between the Imperial Army and the
Hellhorde has raged on for many years...
In the midst of battle, the Princess and
Commander of the Imperial Third Legion
falls into the hands of the Hellhorde.
The Hellhorde, seeking to extract
Imperial secrets from the princess...
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
...mercilessly subjects her
to torture day after day.
At long last...
Vengeance will be mine.
Princess!
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
What did you bring us
all the way out here for?
I know.
I bet we're playing in the river, yeah.
Let's just get this over with already.
Well, I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
It's not like I'd ever give in for
splashing around in the river!
Your Highness, you're way too excited.
Today's torture shan't
be playing in the river.
Guh...
Ah, I see.
I wasn't looking forward to it at all.
Poor thing...
Do what you want.
We've come to the river today for
today's torture, marshmallows.
Marshmallows
Marshmallows?
Sorry to say, but I'm not a huge fan.
I don't like how they stick to your teeth.
There's zero reason why I'd
lose to today's torture!
It's not too late to do something else!
Like playing in the river!
Do you want to play in the river that badly?
I say marshmallows, but these
are no ordinary marshmallows.
They're roasted marshmallows!
Roasted marshmallows?
Indeed.
We came all the way out here so
as to safely start an open fire.
Hmph!
What good will roasting the marshmallows do?
Yeah, that's right!
You tell her, Your Highness!
Ah! Wait, Your Highness!
Stop!
Princess.
Would you care to try one, just this once?
You mustn't, Your Highness!
Don't fall for it!
She's trying to teach you what
roasted marshmallows taste like,
so that you won't be able
to resist their temptation!
How devious!
Why, I would never.
'Twas simply a gesture of goodwill.
Not to mention...
She's the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
That title is a testament to her
strict self-discipline and training.
Would she really succumb without resistance
to the taste of roasted marshmallows?
Your Highness won't fall
for such an obvious ploy!
That's right.
Such an obvious ploy...
I'd never succumb to some
lousy roasted marshmallows!
She fell for the obvious ploy!
Even if it turns out to be good...
I will never give in!
The soft texture of the marshmallow...
Roasting has browned the
surface and turned it crispy!
And the heat has made the inside all gooey!
The gooeyness is filling my mouth!
A delight for the mouth!
Well, Princess?
If you reveal a secret, I
can let you have one more.
Don't do it, Your Highness!
Pull yourself together!
It's okay, Ex.
I'm as calm as can be.
Your Highness!
Hmph!
One more if I tell you a secret?
Keep it up, Your Highness!
You've triumphed over the marshmallows!
In other words...
Will I get four marshmallows
for four secrets?!
She caved immediately!
One secret, and you can
have as many as you like.
The princess
confessed
So big!
Jumbo
Extra Large
I didn't know they made
marshmallows this big!
Delicious!
So gooey...
Princess, while we're here,
shall we play in the river?
Wait, can I?!
Of course.
We're all done with you.
Take that!
How's that?!
What do you think of today's secret?
The castle guards are weak
against fire attacks...
But you know, it's normal for
humans to be weak to fire.
I suppose.
Most creatures are weak against fire.
What did you just say?!
Like I said...
If you're still by the river, get
another secret out of the princess.
His Majesty's orders.
Call ended
Call duration
You've done it now!
Two torture sessions on the same day...
I can only imagine the toll it will take!
The princess's body might even give out.
What's with the long face?
The Hell-Lord was unsatisfied
with her work yet again.
Huh?
I kept an ear turned to her
conversation on the phone.
Ear?
Where are your ears?
It looks like she was ordered to carry
out a second torture today.
Wha—?!
I-I can't handle two tortures in one day!
Isn't that why she looks so troubled?
Don't do it, Your Highness.
Don't offer her a secret
just because you feel bad.
Y-You know I wouldn't do that!
I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
I've been in countless battles,
cutting down my foes without any mercy.
I would never take pity on my enemy!
Worrying her pretty little head about me...
She sure is a big ol' softie!
She really is...
as soft as they come.
I never imagined he'd instruct me
to torture her twice in one day.
The Hell-Lord truly is evil incarnate.
No, a professional must perform her duty.
His Majesty has the right idea here.
Maybe... I'm not cut out to be a torturer.
Nice weather we're having today.
Y-Yes, we are.
The laundry dries faster on sunny days, too.
Speaking of laundry...
The king prefers wearing briefs.
Princess!
Why would you tell me such
an important secret?!
Huh?
Did I let something slip just now?
Are you taking pity on me, Princess?!
I don't have a clue what
you're talking about.
But I like that look on your face.
That depressed look really didn't suit you.
Princess...
Let's make the most of this perfect weather!
Come play with me!
I swear...
Hey!
Princess-chan!
You-chan! In-chan!
W-We're here.
Done with torture for the day?
Yep!
I resisted for a while, but then I gave in.
What are you doing here?
W-We got a call from the grand inquisitor.
Search
#Torture #Riverbank
Live Stream | Datarma Channel | Relaxing Torture by the Riverbank
watching now
Chat
Princess!
So cold!
The princess
had fun
What do you think?
About the second secret for today.
Huh? No good?
The torture
will continue
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Wow, check out that tan!
Combat Soldier
Fourth Class
& Pain-Private
Giant
It might sting if you
soak in the hot springs,
so let's go to the sauna instead today!
The sauna?
Wait, have you never been?
Nope.
What?
You're missing out on something amazing!
Okay, off we go!
I followed her after she said all that...
They're wearing towels with permission for the sake of the "torture"
But it's so hot!
My entire body is dripping with sweat!
This is supposed to feel good?
Really?
This is practically torture...
So that's her deal!
It feels so nice!
Mama... no, Giant!
Her sweet words lured me into this torture!
If your average person were
faced with this heat...
I'm sure they wouldn't be able
to bear it, and they'd end up talking.
But I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
Be it a scorching desert
or a frigid snowy mountain,
I've fought while maintaining a clear head!
I will never give in to this torture!
They're wearing towels with permission for the sake of the "torture"
Come to think of it, I haven't
sweated this much in a long time.
Lately, I eat three meals
a day, get tortured,
and spend the rest of my time
lazing around and sleeping.
Munch, munch, munch...
I'd forgotten how this felt.
It feels good to sweat it out.
Feels good?!
That can't be right!
At first, this was nothing
more than a blistering hell!
Yet now, it feels good?!
Being placed in this unusual situation
is making my earthly suffering
and troubles evaporate away!
Ah, I see now, Giant...
No, Mama!
Saunas feel so nice!
Okay, I think it's about time we got out.
Huh? Not yet...
Staying in there too
long's not good for you.
Especially on your first time.
Makes sense...
The air outside feels so nice and cool!
Okay, next up is the cold bath!
Cold Bath
C-Cold bath?!
The water's at 17 degrees?!
There's no way I can get in...
No, I thought the sauna was hot, too,
but it ended up being really nice.
All right!
N-N-N-Nope, still cold!
Huh?
Cold Bath
After getting used to it...
the cold water feels nice on my warm body.
The heat is slowly melting
away from my body.
I'm melting away, too!
Ah, I'm becoming one with the water.
It feels so good!
After a cold bath, take a nice, long break.
Ah, my arms and legs are tingling.
I can feel the blood flowing through me.
My body is being set free!
Just now, I have become complete.
Thank you, Mama.
I've learned the truth of the universe...
no, of the sauna.
They say lots of things about
saunas and their detox effect,
or how they may or may not
help you lose weight.
But none of that really matters.
Saunas feel good!
End of story!
Yes, Mama!
No...
Master Mama!
By the way, the
princess confessed
Fair play, fair sauna!
Enjoy the sauna by following all rules and etiquette!!
Enjoy the sauna by following
all rules and etiquette!
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
Where are we?
And...
who are they?
Mad Kaiser!
What?
I've fought him in the past.
Is that true, Your Highness?
He was the boss of the Western Tower.
I remember him well.
This was him!
You sliced him clean in half.
No way that's him.
Hey there! Is that you, Mad Kaiser?
That's right!
She was right!
Princess.
The wound you gave me...
It throbs with pain to this day.
That sure healed up nicely.
I see.
So that's what this is.
Everyone here is someone
I've defeated in the past!
You can't be serious!
That's not true at all.
It wasn't true at all...
Mad Kaiser just happened to be here.
It's completely unrelated.
Today's torture comes courtesy
of Lieutorment Youki:
a test of courage!
Yay!
These demons will act as the ghosts
and hide in the school building.
Lurking inside this abandoned
school building,
these scaring experts will provide
you with a night of terror!
Will you be able to withstand it, Princess?
How underhanded...
This is revenge for my wound!
I'll scare you real good!
You're scarier without the mask.
All right, everyone!
Let's get started!
Yeah!
Hold on.
Courtesy of You-chan?
Where's You-chan, then?
Youki can't make it out today.
What?!
After sleeping with her stomach
exposed, she's caught a cold.
Oh, no!
Which is why I'm administering
this in her stead.
You-chan's out with a cold?!
Please, let me go and pay her a visit!
I cannot.
You're in the middle of being tortured.
You shan't have freedom until it's over.
But to put it in other words...
You're free to go once it's over.
Hmph.
Do you think that helps the chances
of Her Highness confessing?
It's no use!
Her Highness is the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
There's a hidden passage leading to
the castle in the Eastern Mountains!
From a young age...
That was quick!
I didn't even get to the flashback!
Very well!
You've told us your secret,
so we're done with you!
Let's go and visit the sick!
Seriously...
You really made me worry.
Sorry.
But it was a pretty good torture idea.
I gave in before I knew it.
Here, drink up.
Thanks.
Do you have a fever?
Does it hurt anywhere?
Nah, I'm fine.
It looks like her fever's gone down.
I see, that's a relief.
That feels so nice!
Can you handle eating some congee?
Here, You-chan.
It's good!
I might give in before I know it.
Today's the one day where that's fine!
Here, open up!
How did you find today's secret?
What?
Is the hidden passage lit up?
His Majesty would be scared in the dark?
Yes, I'll ask.
Also, the guys you took with you today.
Administration is telling me they
haven't clocked out for the day yet.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
What?
Ah.